Feature/use subchart to support multiple starrocks cluster (#199)
StarRocks/starrocks-kubernetes-operator: helm-charts/charts/kube-starrocks/charts/operator/templates/NOTES.txt

Thank you for installing {{ .Chart.Name }}-{{ .Chart.Version }}

> To create a StarRocks cluster refer to the following documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the following document to create a StarRocks cluster.
```
